Website Status:

Our website is committed and pushed to GitHub at https://github.com/CS571-F25/p1.
Our website is also live and functional on GitHub.io at https://cs571-f25.github.io/p1/. 
React bootstrap is used for design in our events, navigation bar, and staff card components. 
These are used with the WISE logo colors (white and blue with orange/tan highlights) and 
theming in mind as well as a professional and academic styling. 

Navigation & Routing:

Our primary navigation bar is present on every page and links to each page included on the website, 
such as Home, About, Community Life, Events, Faculty & Staff, and Stay Connected. The Home page lists 
basic details about the Women in Science and Engineering Learning community, giving a brief introduction 
as well as the WISE logo for users to have a main hub of information. The Events page lists past, current, 
and upcoming events hosted by WISE. This includes a collection of Event cards with the title, description, 
date, and time of the event. These may include photos and flyer graphics in the future for a more engaging 
visual when viewing the WISE events. The Faculty & Staff page lists the program manager, faculty directors, 
student program leads, and student peer mentors, including their name, role, and wisc email address for 
contact information. Each staff member gets their own card with a profile photo (or WISE logo as a default 
if no photo available). The Stay Connected page offers viewers the opportunity to view the WISE Instagram 
Page, submit a question, and view other social media contact forms, including the contact email, alumni 
network, and address map location. We have also created an About page and Community Life page that will 
include further details on the history of WISE, logistics for seminar and housing, and photos from previous 
resident experiences living in the community. 

Website Components:

We have four pages defined and meaningfully used (mentioned earlier). We have a component for the NavBar 
and another component for the Footer listing important links to the University Housing website, WISE 
Instagram, and WISE Facebook page. This may include additional links in future development. We have a 
component for Events, helping to standardize the event card and details. This is linked to the bucket 
API with specific event “metadata”. We have a component for Staff cards, helping to standardize staff 
profiles with the profile photo, role details, and contact information. Users can also click on the wisc 
email addresses to send someone an email directly. We created a component for a react button to allow users 
to “like” the page and interact with the website in a playful and meaningful way. Clicking the button triggers
a number of different WISE-themed emojis to pop up on screen. 